What are you doing?
Blind? To avenge our daughter.
Deputy Lord
This is between women.
This person who does wrong must be punished.
Did you say that's why?
Help me, Child.
You hate me, you can punish me whatever you want.
But can you please don't be mad at Ran? I told you.
An s death had nothing to do with them.
They're innocent.
Hoai An
Anyone can tell me.
I want them not to.
Not if you do that again.
I'll report to the government.
Let the government handle it.
The government came back.
Not invited in is a thief.
I want to fight and go to jail.
What's not invited in?
This is a rich man.
It's my house. I told him to come to your house.
Are you home?
This yard is a dowry my brother bought for me when we got married.
Vice Hoai An, you eat too much soft rice, you eat your mind.
Gu Ky Dao
Why are you so serious?
You killed my daughter.
Removing my daughter's legacy.
Piano disinfection
Now tell me my name.
You're really good at reversing black and white.
You have edited An An's furniture.
Didn't I tell you not to get emotional 2 and An An's stuff?
I will.
The army said he was afraid.
I'm also afraid you see those things sad.
That's why they threw it away.
Sorry, you blame me.
We don't blame you.
But you should have told me first.
What a wolf.
Break into people's homes to destroy furniture
I want to see if you're scared to get into the building.
I'm not going to jail.
Ah Hoan, hurry up and save the film crew.
This mansion is really the supporting role of Thanh Nhi.
I have no right to replace him.
God, save me.
You just let me go, I'll do whatever I want.
Then you go find An An's stuff for me.
You remember none.
Otherwise, you know the consequences.
Child.
Ran Ran bad health or where am I going?
Go.
Let him go to jail.
No, no, I'll find it.
You'd better get An An's stuff back.
Otherwise I will tell you what it means to live without death.